Add PyCharm docs to set up Docker as Python interpreter (#788)
quantumblacklabs/kedro: docs/source/09_development/02_set_up_pycharm.md

To remotely debug, click the debugger button as [described above](#debugging).

## Advanced: Docker interpreter

```eval_rst

> .. note::  This section uses features supported in PyCharm Professional Edition only.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note::  This section uses features supported by PyCharm Professional Edition only.
```

```

> Firstly, add a Docker interpreter. Go to **Preferences | Project Interpreter** as above and proceed to add a new interpreter. Select **Docker Interpreter** and select the target Docker image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, add a Docker interpreter. Go to **Preferences | Project Interpreter** as above and proceed to add a new interpreter. Select **Docker Interpreter** and select the target Docker image:
```

![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_1.png)

Click **OK** and check that the required packages appear:

![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_2.png)

Click **OK** and wait for PyCharm to index your new Python interpreter.

> Click **OK**. Go to **Run / Debug Configurations** to add a **Python Run**. For the script path, get the path of the Kedro CLI on an instantiated image by running `which kedro` (macOS / Linux) in a container environment. Specify `run` as the parameter. Specify your working directory as the directory that contains your kedro project on your local machine. Optional: Edit the Docker container volume mount settings if it does not match the directory that contains your kedro project directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click **OK**. Go to **Run / Debug Configurations** to add a **Python Run**. For the script path, get the path to the Kedro CLI on an instantiated image by running `which kedro` (macOS / Linux) in a container environment. Specify `run` as the parameter. Specify your working directory as the directory that contains your Kedro project on your local machine. Optional: Edit the Docker container volume mount setting if it does not match the directory that contains your Kedro project directory.
```

![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_3.png)

Click **OK** and then select your run configuration from the toolbar and click **Run** to execute.

> To debug, click the debugger button as [described above](#debugging).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[To debug, click the debugger button](#debugging).
```

To remotely debug, click the debugger button as [described above](#debugging).

## Advanced: Docker interpreter

```eval_rst
.. note::  This section uses features supported in PyCharm Professional Edition only.
```

Firstly, add a Docker interpreter. Go to **Preferences | Project Interpreter** as above and proceed to add a new interpreter. Select **Docker Interpreter** and select the target Docker image:

![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_1.png)

> Click **Next** and check that the required packages appear:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **OK** and check that the required packages appear:
```

![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_2.png)

> Click **Next** and wait for PyCharm to index your new Python interpreter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **OK** and wait for PyCharm to index your new Python interpreter.
```

> Click **OK**. Go to **Run / Debug Configurations** to add a **Python Run**. For the script path, get the path of the Kedro CLI on the remote computer by running `which kedro` (macOS / Linux) in the appropriate environment (/usr/local/bin/kedro in this case). Specify `run` as the parameter. Specify your working directory as the directory that contains your kedro project directory on your local machine. Optional: Edit the Docker container volume mount settings if it does not match the directory that contains your kedro project directory.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Click **OK**. Go to **Run / Debug Configurations** to add a **Python Run**. For the script path, get the path of the Kedro CLI on an instantiated image by running `which kedro` (macOS / Linux) in a container environment. Specify `run` as the parameter. Specify your working directory as the directory that contains your kedro project on your local machine. Optional: Edit the Docker container volume mount settings if it does not match the directory that contains your kedro project directory.   
```

Reviewer 2: I assume _the Docker container volume mount settings_ refer to the field `Docker container settings`? Have you experience issues with it not auto-populating correctly?

Author: Yes pycharm does auto-populates it, but since I had to change it in the screenshot to remove my local path info, I wanter to avoid confusing people. But good point, I think making it optional is fine with me.

![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_3.png)

Click **OK** and then select your run configuration from the toolbar and click **Run** to execute.

> ![](../meta/images/pycharm_docker_interpreter_4.png)

Reviewer 2: I really like the previous three screenshots, but wonder whether we should keep this one. Wdyt? What additional value do you think it brings?

Author: Good point, I removed the last screenshot from the md file and the meta folder.
